BACKEND:

Created folder structure. 
Setup basic routes 
Connected to Mongo DB
Created all the initial models
Created CRUD for categories since i needed categories to be able to make products
Implemented CRUD for products cause i wanted to see how i would implement it with the categories i had just done
Implemented CRUD for users.
Implemented CRUD for cart (more difficult than i was expecting but we thank God).
Worked on CRUD for Ratings (added it as part of the product routes instead of making it it's own model).
Implemented Authentication.
Added Admin Features (like product and category creation)
Updated the cart to allow guest users have and maintain a cart and made sure to merge the carts as well
Seeded the Database with products (add brands so you can sort them with brands, || didnt add brands at the end of the day sha)
Made Dedicated routes for clothing, gadgets and food so you can access all the products under them
Implemented Filtering with a price range and colors, (maybe add sorting by high to low price and vice versa and also sort by ratings?)
Added Product Search 
Implemented Payments and checkout, didn't use a payment gateway like stripe sha its just a sort of simulation.
Tushen up the order confirmation email, make it look finer than what it is right now.
Check Validations, Check for XSS and cross site scripting attacks if it pertains to the backend?
Add Finishing Touches and confirm every route is working as intended?

FINISHING TOUCHES:
1 Added Login Rate Limits to avoid brute force login attacks and make sure a user can only login a small number of time before they are advised to try again later
2 Integrated express-mongo-sanitize to ensure user input doesn't contain mongo special characters like ($ and .) to prevent mongo injections
3 Integrated joi and sanitize-html for input validation and sanitization for all the fields.


Make only Admins be able to create products and categories. 
Maybe later add a seller under the roles for users for 
them to also be able to add products.

